[v7r3] Transformation system more flexible (#5547)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/Systems/Transformation/index.rst

Plugins
-------

There are three different types of plugins:

* TransformationAgent plugins: these are used to 'group' the input files of the tasks according to different criteria.
* TaskManager plugins: these are used only by the ``WorkflowTasks`` to specify the tasks destinations.

> * BodyPlugins: these are used at the moment only by the ``RequestTasks`` and allow to have a complex logic of transforming a task into an RMS Request

Reviewer: Could they potentially be used also for creating WMS requests (jobs)?

Author: Hum, if the `WorkflowTasks` is instrumented to use them, maybe ! But I don't know this part at all

  For DataReprocessing jobs, jobs having input files at LCG.SARA.nl local SEs can run both at LCG.SARA.nl and at LCG.NIKHEF.nl, etc.
  For DataReconstruction jobs, jobs will run at the Tier1 where the input data is, except when the data is at CERN or SARA, where they will run exclusively at CLOUD.CERN.cern.

Body plugins
------------

> There are 2 straight forward ways to define a body for a data management transformation (see ``Data management transformations example``):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 straightforward ways to define a body for a data management transformation (see ``Data management transformations example``):
```

Author: Done

* a SingleOperation body
* a MultiOperation body

These two ways are fairly static and do not allow very dynamic creation of Request. The Body plugins are here to work around that.

> You could for example imagine using them to generate a ``Move`` operation instead of a ``ReplicateAndRegister`` operation under arbitrary circumstances.

Author: done

    transID = t.getTransformationID()
    tc.addFilesToTransformation(transID['Value'],infileList) # Files are added here

> **Note:**

Author: done

  * This body will create Requests with 2 operations each. The first element of the tuple is the operation type, the second is a dictionary describing the attributes of the Operation

>   * If a value of an attribute is ``TASK:<something>``, this will resolve into the ``<something>`` attribute of the task dictionary, typically the target SE.

Reviewer: I would welcome a concrete example here, in the administrator guide, rather than in the developer guide.

Author: the example is above: https://github.com/DIRACGrid/DIRAC/pull/5547/files#diff-1d10beaf19bab7671040bdf28084ec5db0528ec96f035ced8dcbcc9cd419ee83R599

Reviewer: What I mean is that I would move the sentence starting with "Imagine a world where " that is in bodyPlugin.rst here.
